I come from Earth a planet about laws my
name is Peter quill there's one other
name you might know me by star-lord who
star-lord man
legendary outlaw guys forget it
so here we are a thief two thugs an
assassin and a maniac but we're not
gonna stand by his evil wipes out of the
galaxy I guess we're stuck together
partners are you telling me the fate of
12 billion people
is in the hands of these criminals oh
yeah
Christmas me
I look around you know I see closers
but life is giving us a chance
to do what something good
something bad bit of boat Oh what the
hell I don't got that long a lifespan
anyway
ah
love me
ain't no thing like me set me they call
themselves the guardians of the galaxy
this might not be the best idea
Oh